-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
I am working for capgemini & client is HSBC bank, UK region. 
HSBC uses product name EDQ that is a Oracle product, it does lot of things....One of them is data processing. 
there is multiple processing unit or you can say multiple jobs.

Now what happend,HSBC need very specific change in the few jobs that Oracle denies but suggest that they will provide the required library
Then you can developed your own processing unit that is a seperate spring boot project put them on Weblogic server and can do the same. 
That is what I was doing ...developing seperate standalone spring boot application & deploying them on Weblogic server.

One more things is that we are using concept of Mbeans in this web aaplication.

So,
War file is the 1st Part.
2nd is a client program : Will make the connection with instances running on weblogic server & will access the Mbeans
3rd is Conrtol-M jobs.

In that web application,we are using the concept of Mbeans
So, What we are doing is that we have created a java program & write the logic of accessing the Mbeans in Weblogic logic server 
putting the compile code of this program somewhere on the server.

Then we have Conrtol-M jobs that will execute the java program using java command ....So what that program will do.
will create connection with server & then invoke() the Operation inside Mbeans. 
 
I can give some high level explaination that standalone web application.
There is mainly five module 
1- Parser
2- Reader Service
3- Transformer Service
4- Writer Service
5- Logical runner

Parser:-Parser will parse multiple Xmls & will get know the table information. We are using javax.xml.parser
that is DocumentBuilderFactory.

Reader Service :- Reader service responsible to read the data from database.

Transformer service :- Transformer service will responsible for decryption & Transformation of the data using Library provided by Oracle.

Writer service :- Writer service is responsible for writing the data back to database.

So, we are creating three type of threads using executor framework, that is reader, Transformer, Writer corresponding to each service
and implementing the producer & consumer concept using LinkedBlockingQueue.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Before that I was woking in Travel domain and the project was a B2B project.
Where I was working on Integeration of two system...There was multiple step but I was part of Invoice & creditNote generation.


Let suppose there is a travel service provider like ThomasCook india....and there is an other business organization let say Reliance JIO.
So, If JIO employee want to use the service of ThomasCook which is travel service provider.
Then we need to sync the employee data of JIO in ThomasCook system...and then JIO employee make any booking on ThomasCook

and in the end of the month ThomasCook will send all the invoices & creditNote to Reliance JIO for accounting

I was working on this part of sending invoices & creditNote note in client system.

and then that URL will be schedule in Crone Job on Linux server.
 
Last project I did, was for SAP only and client was Chevron, I worked for 8 month, I worked there for two modules
 
 1- IOTOnboarding :- I Joined this development in between the Sprints, Actually there was 5 sprints but I joined in 3rd sprints
	So, When we onboard any technical object then after successful onboarding of TO,means once there is Transaction Id correspong to 
	TO in DB, Then I have to perfom certain set of action that inclues getting some data from ERP system & S4 System, doing some comparision pusing 
	it to other system and then making a local storage as well.
	I could explain complete In/Out of the project because I joined the project in between the sprints & after that due to time constraint I couldn't 
	get time to explore.
	
2-  Inspection-Srv :- This module we have developed for creating a dashboard for displaying the TO information for all three, menas TO,Zone Level & CML
	Level means Level One, Two & Three.The Information we were displaying inclues Characteristic Information & Indicator data information.
	For that we have configured some configuration in configuration service and based on that configuration information will be displayed on dash board.
	
	For that we were getting Characteristic information from Assetbase & Indicator information from IOTOnboarding.
 
 
 