
What is CDS :- 

Core data service is mainly a view 
if you are a ANAB developer then you have to write query, procedure and view in HANA database
but after CDS as developer you don't need to go to database , you can write CDS view in application server
and that will be converted into HANA view and procedure


Kafka Commands :-

 .\bin\windows\zookeeper-server-start.bat .\config\zookeeper.properties
 .\bin\windows\kafka-server-start.bat .\config\server.properties
 .\bin\windows\kafka-topics.bat --list --bootstrap-server localhost:9092
 .\bin\windows\kafka-console-producer.bat --broker-list localhost:9092 --topic NewTopic
 
 
To build & deploy the multi target application there is mta.yaml file
Thare are mainly three section in mta.yaml file
1-Global element section:- define overall properties of multi target application
2-Module section:- Define the application modules to be built , their type , path to their specific development project
3-Resource section:- Define the external cloud foundary services to be used for example database services or identity services.


SAP HANA has two different databases, System DB and Tenant DB. The system database is used for system management/administration.
It contains the landscape information including the tenant database information.
SAP HANA supports multiple isolated databases in a single SAP HANA system.
These databases are referred to as the tenant database. The tenant database is where all customer data resides.
  

An SAP HANA HDI(HANA Deploymentment Infrastructure) container consists of a design-time container and a corresponding run-time container.


Question:-What is ZooKeeper role in Kafka?
Answer:-
If we must define the role of Zookeeper in a few words, we can say that Zookeeper acts a Kafka cluster coordinator that manages cluster membership of brokers,
producers, and consumers participating in message transfers via Kafka. It also helps in leader election for a Kafka topic.


what is domain in web logic server
:-Every domain represent the single instance of web-logic server.
what is AdminServer:- As name suggest this is the admin server
what is ManageServer:- As name suggest this is the Manage server